JP-4394: Drop support for python 3.11 (#10734)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/10734.other.rst

Reviewer: Do we also want to add that we bumped minversion of scipy?

> Drop support for Python 3.11; bump minimum supported versions of scipy and pyyaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dropped support for Python 3.11; bumped minimum supported versions of scipy to 1.18 and pyyaml to 6.0.1.
```

Author: I'd prefer to be consistent about present imperative tense, but I'll add the versions.
